Doch, man hört auch "around about", warum auch immer, und man liest es auch.
Vielleicht handelt es sich um eine Hyperkorrektur von "round about".


Hier sind ein paar passende Beispiele:


http://vwg.qxipbnkdwqn.rx.ba/kniy-wnkeo/tgaw-cij-sgukb/nucb-tcs-v-ras-kyu-mk
ally-offaly-nice-9424470.iixf

bzw.

http://afmwwwg.vbe/aiktp3

"I promise you they will crispen, and it will happen *around about* the
moment when the butter starts to turn nut brown."


http://kwe.syj.jt.fp/fdmkbanhnctmvp/testdeh/glqtrnsp/5416/64/44/ubrvs_mkcikr
ll_phone_in.ofrhg

"So we invented a phone-in at *around about* five past five, 35 minutes of
sharp, 30 or 40 seconds for the person to have a grumble, about anything to
do with local sport or life in general."


http://gsm.fpglebnof.jh.cs/sxuh/cykoqwufrx/rvwdzgfumnqal/9672829/Dzigl-Dylwi
hjik-bbte-co-beat-Scllexldnd.bqbu

bzw.

http://kiwkszj.oay/il03z7

"The future is going to happen whether I'm scared of it or not so I do my
best not to be. *Around about* five o'clock in the morning things might be
different but you just have to face it."


http://tcu.kbruirll.wu.gx/okerx/1049/thr/36/mppeomu.gzlcnllqtvrdiazljqgf9

"If we're lucky we might get some play *around about* four o'clock this
afternoon. Mind you it'll be that unwelcome kind of luck that results in me
hanging around doing less than nothing untill someone finally decides that
maybe we can fit ten overs in - just so the punters can't get all of their
money back - *around about* six in the evening, till at half past someone
decides that it is just too dark, and play stops again."


http://wol.zjdaijkovbr.zn.cz/lrig/cp/quie-snhc/roosoc-iyxb-dkmhsxz-qmlz-kqx-
come-to-harm-2886897.wvnf

bzw.

http://mwwsbka.vsx/nabsap

"That stopped *around about* 8.30 on Wednesday evening."


http://bvs.lljrudrfzvpn.nd.xb/fjqnnzz/rdghus.jxa

"Then one morning, *around about* four o'clock, the phone rang, and the
voice of one of the damned croaked my name."


http://hbk.cjwyjcywhojcqujxz.ao.fs/evhl/codegxfefjmrhz.jwyt

"Weather data needs to be collected at *around about* nine o'clock GMT
(Greenwich Mean Time)."


http://kce.bfuzvjngyhb.qr.qv/qoez-yhozpcsxfrjbn/anem-ritoxq-jpndkb-vds-cyhph
obiles-2493782.khbm

"After all, you would not normally cook six fillets of sole in the morning,
for a dinner party that evening, pour a creamy sauce over them, cover with
foil and then start heating them up at *around about* seven o'clock - for
about an hour."


http://xpy.gyqegbf.qbb.wn/laqdxzy.ctm?ytuxqtvp=xgh68azrncwpazialsm

"The weather got so bad that *around about* three o'clock that afternoon,
and on the advice of the emergency services, the Mathias told everyone, which
included visitors and exhibitors alike, to leave the show ground."


http://mhjl.ucg.hi.jy/8/oy/pk_orot/muvrmead_vqudtxr/3615311.dtv

"*Around about* 12 o'clock it started to rain and at a quarter past my house
was full of water."


http://tvavlyyp.hgkgulor.vs.qy/Xuiea/9,,0746480,30.hktr

"As far as the Fiver remembers, the real Konrad Chorst disappeared about
three years ago, *around about* the time they wheeled out this other chap -
the one who runs about marking space and taking throw-ins and doing a lot of
pointing."


http://pfc.ubndrzut.hr.xi/aifjn/1546/fvp/45/fhh.unkzegi

"Everything began to go wrong at *around about* the time that the 1987
hurricane hit."


http://snf.cmcleyajjhpnvlc.pt.sh/awril_kpahege/92_xhy_ytcyczvhond.pxi?pktpWJ
=695&hndvq=3

"Ten Expressions to Use In Speaking And Writing [...]
9. About 6-ish
10. *Around about* 6 o'clock [...]

*Phrase 10 is usually used for numbers or a period of time.*"

Größe,
Werner