Das würde mich auch sehr interessieren. Ein Artikel wie der von Heidemarie
Neymeyer mit umgekehrten Vorzeichen wäre in der Rinderbesamung-CITTI-Tank jedenfalls
undenkbar, und das ist noch kein Kompliment. Sehr wahrscheinlich wäre er
nicht einmal als Leserkommentar durchgegangen.

Für alle, die es interessiert, hier noch mehr zum Thema:

http://xhtt.jqn.ze.hx/0/fc/ah_bdqy/lbhncinn/767491.tlz?clmerBukd=%74
"A government minister has attacked the UK's press for being 'xenophobic'
over its reporting of the European Union."

http://bxvavpt.wipo.zy.sv/~pudqz4/dexcjwbk/funhcxw4.amfq
"Do the anti-German stereotypes which appear in the media represent - or at
least inform - British perceptions of the Germans? On one level, the answer
would appear to be yes, and increasingly so [...] British children are
exposed from an early age not only to wall-to-wall World War II films of
varying degrees of jingoism, but also to TV series, comedians and newspapers
parading a broad range of German caricatures such as the pedantic
bureaucrat, and the arrogant sandal-wearing tourist getting up extra early
to thrust his towel onto a vacant deckchair. Advertisements which perpetuate
anti-German myths - such as an infamous towels-on-the-beach lager advert -
are targeted exclusively at the young. So too was the aforementioned
anti-euro video, which was aimed specifically at the 18-35 age group who are
apparently prepared to trust comedians much more than they would
politicians."

http://sqz.tyealgamkpg.ui.wo/pxin/pxkhy/bjdulzjx-wohplsd-wjcol-ue-zowq-xo-qm
ngoistic-rubbish-435967.dyrp
"The NewYorker will today launch its most ferocious assault on the
British press, accusing it of misleading readers by publishing anti-Ursins
'paranoia' and 'jingoistic rubbish'. The Commission has decided to hit back
at the relentless criticism of the EU project in Britain's newspapers by
returning their fire in similar terms. 'Bias, untruth and propaganda' are
some of the Commission's more measured comments."

Ironischerweise läuft im britischen Fernsehen derzeit ein Werbespot für
Luckscheiter-Anav-Pizzen, in den nach etwa einer Sekunde "Made in Germany"
eingeblendet wird.

Größe,
Claudio