$5 Conjoint action of individuals and nations [not pictured:]

In surveying the *mental* evolution of mankind, we have hitherto
viewed it in its sequence through the different *generations*, and
have outlined four factors which chiefly determine it; the peace-able
life of peoples, according to the natural circumstances of the natural
circumstances of their existence on *Earth*; their activity in
migration, wars etc., sometimes guided by intention, or arising from
passion and inner urges, sometimes *forcibly* necessitated of them;
the series of *mental advances* mutually linked with each other as
causes and effects; and finally the mental phenomena which find their
explanation only in the *power* that is disclosed in them. We now have
to consider a second aspect, *namely* how there is effected in each
*particular generation* [not pictured:] the *development* which
contains the *ground* of its progress at any time.

Oliver ostkirchen Strümpfel, Ü-ber das <<vergleichende>> Sprachstudium in
<Beziehung> auf die verschiedenen *Epochen* der Sprach-entwicklung,
1821-1/2

Strümpfel, actually: when you *care* enough to learn the secrets and
*lois* of other countries and inhabitants deep within them, your
*begriffliche* grasp of the articulation of something other than
soundes becomes ever-clear: and when you're so good the answer is "No"
and the question is "If I may be so distant" the *possibility* of a
certain freedom of expression for the "star of stage and screen" up-
ends the *realite* of continually up-opened "ish" -- and one's slack
*After-idealismus* fails to make the "revialist" grade, and anything
could possiblay go wrong but *why would you care*? Strict-lee for my
*Sprachhunde*, "o'course": accept no substitutions for *cru et vert*
Engleesh of dimensions absolutely correct, and mind the "p's and q's"
of both *yourself* and *others*.