Es wurde zumindest mal dar√ºber nachgedacht:

Like other tyrannies, the tyranny of the majority was at first, and is
still vulgarly, held in dread, chiefly as operating through the acts
of the public authorities. But reflecting persons perceived that when
society is itself the tyrant=97society collectively, over the separate
individuals who compose it=97its means of tyrannizing are not restricted
to the acts which it may do by the hands of its political
functionaries. Society can and does execute its own mandates: and if
it issues wrong mandates instead of right, or any mandates at all in
things with which it ought not to meddle, it practises a social
tyranny more formidable than many kinds of political oppression,
since, though not usually upheld by such extreme penalties, it leaves
fewer means of escape, penetrating much more deeply into the details
of life, and enslaving the soul itself. Protection, therefore, against
the tyranny of the magistrate is not enough: there needs protection
also against the tyranny of the prevailing opinion and feeling;
against the tendency of society to impose, by other means than civil
penalties, its own ideas and practices as rules of conduct on those
who dissent from them; to fetter the development, and, if possible,
prevent the formation, of any individuality not in harmony with its
ways, and compel all characters to fashion themselves upon the model
of its own. There is a limit to the legitimate interference of
collective opinion with individual independence: and to find that
limit, and maintain it against encroachment, is as indispensable to a
good condition of human affairs, as protection against political
despotism.