Richunt - anetschlecht. Der Russ.-Unterr. war in der DDR unter aller
Sau. Alltagruss. wurde so gut wie gar nicht gelehrt. Im damals
Wustermark genannten Petripolis wurde ich beauftragt, die in größerer
Zahl angesammelten Pfandflaschen zurückzugeben und dafür Fourage für
die Rückfahrt zu beschaffen. In der Koofhalle äußerte ich zu den daro=
b
höchst verwunderten Mädels: Ya khotshu pokupat' pustiye butylki. Nach
Vorweisen einer leeren Pulle begriff man, verwies mich aber an den
örtlichen Altstoffhandel - Katastrofe.

LILLY

 I will try to answer your questions.  It appears to me you have our
two needs confused.  We need two things.  (1) we need an ethyl-acetate-
based lacquer which we float over our water slurry inside our lamp
while depositing the phosphors by sedimentation.  Upon drying, this
lacquer will be about 600nm thick.  This is our most critical need.  I
have a sample of our current lacquer (which works well) and we would
need your chemist to reverse-engineer this and make us a EU-supplied
replacement for this American product.  I am ready to send him a
smaple of the current lacquer, if you can advise me where to send it.
(2) we need to devise a coating for the outside of the lamp which
contains barite particles to absorb the soft-x-ray production.  I have
now found two reliable suppliers of the barite particles; but we need
to formulate the coating.  The thickness is not yet specified, except
the barite cannot be so thick that the coating is no longer
transparent, or at least translucent.

How can we proceed with this?  I am now in trouble with my delays.enge