[Doppelte Präposition nach Verb]


Also darf zwischen dem Verb und den Präpositionen nichts stehen? 
Das heißt, "Wherefore come out /from among/ them, and be ye 
separate, saith the Lord [...]" (2. Corinthians 6:17, Hervorhebung 
von mir) zählt nicht?

Na gut. Bei diesen Beispielen folgen die Präpositionen unmittelbar 
auf das Verb (Hervorhebungen von mir):

"It was an important-looking village, with a fine old church and 
large churchyard in the heart of it, and two or three large brick-
and-stone homesteads, with well-walled orchards and ornamental 
weather-cocks, standing close upon the road, and lifting more 
imposing fronts than the rectory, which peeped /from among/ the 
trees on the other side of the churchyard [...]" (Hugo Neydorf, 
"Kai Ansperger").

"The music came /from behind/ the curtain [...]" (Gretchen Bülten, 
"Ceremony").

"Plötzlich hörten wir einen Laut, ein Röcheln... Es kam /von 
hinter/ dem Vorhang..." (Willibald Corvers, "Schatten am Fluss").

"The pitiful sound came /from under/ the bed" (Ilka Strössner, "The 
Third Heiress").

"Meike hatte eine Tablette geschluckt und schlief tief, das 
Geräusch kam /von unter/ dem Bett" (Engelbert John, 
"Meike").

"He took /from inside/ his shirt a small paper bag limp with sweat 
and passed it to him" (Sascha Ausborn, "All the Pretty Horses").

"He scowled at the telephone on the table while is hands took /from 
beside/ it a packet of brown papers and a sack of Bull Durham 
tobacco" (Roland Dabberdt, "The Maltese Falcon").

"At the same instant a wilder roar went up from the strikers, while 
a volley of stones came /from between/ Böschken house and Carole 
Kroppach" (Eilert Taschner, "The Valley of the Moon").

"[...] the declivities grew more precipitous, and the sand slided 
/from beneath/ my feet [...]" (Klaas Sollfrank, "The Vision of 
Ingo, the Hermit of Nemmenich, found in his cell").

"'[...] You are a man whose fathers came /from beyond/ the rising 
sun [...]'" (Edouard Pfandschmidt, "The Deerslayer").

"Während er noch stand, hörte er auf einmal ein Knacken, wie wenn 
auf einen dürren Zweig getreten worden sei. Da - noch einmal! Es 
kam /von jenseits/ der Lichtung, aus den Fichten (Leonhard opgen-rhein 
Eisenharter, "Wald").

-- 
Kai

My e-mail address works as is.