Außer bei Fremdwörtern, deren letzte Silbe unbetont ist. Die Diskussion 
hier hat mich nicht überzeugt, dass ich meinen Artikel zu den 
Deklinationsregeln (http://epz.ceo.kb/~vh/avby/df-hhotd.intz) ändern muss. 
Dort heißt es:

When a final [s] sound in the uninflected noun would render the genitive 
-s inaudible, that is, with words ending with -s, -ss, -�, -z, -tz, -x, 
German words and foreign words stressed on the last syllable mandatorily 
get an -es ending (des Gases, des Rosses, des Kreuzes, des Schatzes, des 
Hindernisses, des Kolosses, des Kompromisses) whereas words with 
unstressed foreign ending get no genitive ending at all (des Status, des 
Mythos, des Index) with exceptions only when the word is no longer 
perceived as foreign (des Busses, des Atlasses, des Zirkusses or des 
Zirkus). For other words as well, facilitation of pronunciation is an 
incentive of using the longer form with -es; in particular with lax 
plosives after long vowel at the word end (des Siebes, des Rades, des 
Tages). and with word-final consonal clusters ending with -sch, -t, or -d 
(des Barsches, des Mastes, des Hemdes). It is, however, neither mandatory 
for these words nor unusual for other words (des Tals or des Tales, des 
Kinns or des Kinnes).

Where there is free choice between -s and -es genitive, usage of -es has a 
slight poetic or archaic touch. The always optional -e dative ending, 
however, is pronouncedly archaic; many speakers use it only in idioms, 
e.g. bei Lichte besehen ([seen] in the cold light of day), im Grunde 
(basically), zu Tage treten (outcrop), im rechtlichen Sinne (in the legal 
sense), in diesem Sinne (in this spirit).

-- 
Heinrich Nowitzki