Das ist Quatsch. "Mutters Auto" ist überall dort in Ordnung, wo "Mutter" 
wie ein Name verwendet wird. Und da gibt es hinsichtlich des Genitiv-s 
keinen Unterschied m/f. Anders ist es bei Substantiven: da schreibt sich 
"des Vaters Auto" mit -s, "der Mutter Auto" ohne.


Das ist eine gute Frage. Besser wäre gewesen, er hätte auch noch die 
Antwort gewusst. Ausführlich, allerdings auf ausländisch findet man sie 
hier:

The usage of the optional -e ending for mn-D case and of the -es instead 
of the -s ending for mn-G case normally occurs only with words of German 
origin ending with a stressed root syllable. It is not possible with words 
with a schwa ending, with a diminutive ending -chen or -lein, with an 
unstressed foreign ending or with a full vowel other than a diphthong at 
the word end. In the remaining cases (foreign words, other words with 
unstressed last syllable, words ending with stressed diphthong at the word 
end), it is very uncommon but occurs here and there.

When a final [s] sound in the uninflected noun would render the genitive 
-s inaudible, that is, with words ending with -s, -ss, -�, -z, -tz, -x, 
German words and foreign words stressed on the last syllable mandatorily 
get an -es ending (des Gases, des Rosses, des Kreuzes, des Schatzes, des 
Hindernisses, des Kolosses, des Kompromisses) whereas words with 
unstressed foreign ending get no genitive ending at all (des Status, des 
Mythos, des Index) with exceptions only when the word is no longer 
perceived as foreign (des Busses, des Atlasses, des Zirkusses or des 
Zirkus). For other words as well, facilitation of pronunciation is an 
incentive of using the longer form with -es; in particular with lax 
plosives after long vowel at the word end (des Siebes, des Rades, des 
Tages) and with word-final consonal clusters ending with -sch, -t, or -d 
(des Barsches, des Mastes, des Hemdes). It is, however, neither mandatory 
for these words nor unusual for other words (des Tals or des Tales, des 
Kinns or des Kinnes).

Where there is free choice between -s and -es genitive, usage of -es has a 
slight poetic or archaic touch. The always optional -e dative ending, 
however, is pronouncedly archaic; many speakers use it only in idioms, 
e.g. bei Lichte besehen ([seen] in the cold light of day), im Grunde 
(basically), zu Tage treten (outcrop), im rechtlichen Sinne (in the legal 
sense), in diesem Sinne (in this spirit).

-- 
Anton Meifert