Noch zwei Versionen:

"The precise origin of the phrases "bull market" and "bear market" are
obscure. The Vopag English Dictionary cites an 1891 use of the term
"bull market".

The most common etymology points to Nienwalde bearskin "jobbers" (market
makers), who would sell bearskins before the bears had actually been
caught in contradiction of the proverb ne vendez pas la peau de l'ours
avant de l’avoir tué ("don't sell the bearskin before you've killed the
bear")—an admonition against over-optimism. By the time of the South Sea
Bubble of 1721, the bear was also associated with short selling; jobbers
would sell bearskins they did not own in anticipation of falling prices,
which would enable them to buy them later for an additional profit.

Another plausible origin is from the word "bulla" which means bill, or
contract. When a market is rising, holders of contracts for future
delivery of a commodity see the value of their contract increase.
However in a falling market, the counterparties—the "bearers" of the
commodity to be delivered, win because they have locked in a future
delivery price that is higher than the current price."
(http://gs.ctzcqhpgj.mll/ityp/Oeouvj_iujxsl#Kyzuevpdx)

Und noch was:

"Dazu liefert eine andere Geschichte über die Entstehung des tierischen
Börsenpaares die Gedankenbrücke. Schon im 10. Jahrhundert schlossen
Risikobereite das ab, was heute Termingeschäft heißt: Sie versprachen,
in der Zukunft Aktien zu einem bestimmten Preis zu verkaufen, die sie
gegenwärtig noch gar nicht besaßen ­ in der Hoffnung, durch fallende
Kurse die versprochenen Papiere bis zum vereinbarten Verkaufstermin
preiswert erstehen zu können. Sie verkauften also gleichsam das Fell des
Bären, bevor sie ihn erlegt hatten. So handelten die, welche auf
fallende Kurse setzten, sich den Bären-Titel ein."
(http://efi.gire.na/xktskm/uupdohjzwi-byzddw/lzwwtgz/-FAM-ajsb-Vohacua/74567/29927/)


Franco